hey I skip here well today I'm going to
do a video a little bit different than
I've done in the past I haven't done one
of these in quite some time and yet
we're not going to be up shooting rounds
today I like to arrange building new way
our building do EK or whatever you know
doing a gun review we're going to talk
about where the gun guy should be buying
before the next election that's right
guys have people ask me all the time you
know I gun shows and just people i know
locally and you know emails from youtube
and facebook and that kind of thing you
know we should be prepping up on what
should we be stocking up on you know for
a gun guy gun enthusiasts that kind of
thing and i always say magazines and
ammunition that's right guys right now
it's cheaper than ever I mean I'm most
ammunition most animal is down pretty
good right now obviously some of your
tool of stuff your 545 stuff and that's
kind of you know up and down but it sits
down right now I would highly recommend
stocking up on your ammo in magazines
whatever you have magazines you know you
got a RS you got eight KS oh and don't
forget about your your your your pistols
and sidearms and stuff like your your
full capacity I'm not going to say hi
capacity but your full capacity
magazines for your Glocks your
Springfield's any of the double stack
type magazines you know as long as your
state allows you to there's some states
there's still time around summer on
whatever it is where I live here in
Michigan there's no limit on our
magazines so you know we were on 30
rounds we buy drums you know I just
picked up a couple more drums for the
ak's um you know they're on sale you
don't mean to you don't pick up on that
stuff right now I highly recommend it
the ammo there's so many distributors
out there right now you can go to moc
calm and check out there and punch in
your caliber you're looking for and it's
all kinds of remanufacturing outlets out
there that a remanufacturing animal
really reasonable like freedom munitions
I'll tell you what guys freedom initials
um you know they're not paying me for
this plug but i highly recommend
checking them all i'll put the link
below they run sales all the time free
shipping
and they're in I've shot some other
remanufactured ammo and you cannot beat
it for the money you know everything
from nine millimeter 380 all the way up
to 50 BMG 95 shot to 50 BMG with a 300
blackout 556 762 NATO that kind of stuff
fantastic deal free munitions go check
about so like I said guys stock up on
your ammo stock up on your magazines you
know the prices are really down right
now especially like on Air Mags
everybody's running a sale for AR and AK
mags pmags I mean you see deals out
there for the aluminum type mags for the
ARS 30-round magazines and the stainless
steel one C products they are stoner
they're all doing their deals all the
big companies are on sales right now I
mean the market is kind of flooded but
don't forget about it you know and
people ask well how many magazines
should I have for every gun laws managed
you can afford it's actually a great
investment if you ask me if you can
afford 100 magazines for your ar-15 buy
them you're not going to lose I'm right
now they're like seven eight bucks nine
bucks I mean by them up as much as you
can you know they're not going to go bad
you know keep them in a great you know
dry storage or whatever stock up on
magazines stock up on ammo you won't
regret it I guarantee you guys so
anyways lots more videos to come here
you never know what's next on my channel
I've got some things I'm working up
we're going to probably doing some
hunting videos and stuff it's actually
this video i'm making this video I
knocked over second I actually got to
get out of the woods here shortly and
we're breaking out the crossbow that
kind of thing so stay tuned for stuff
like that more gun builds obviously more
reviews from stuff from khane ke
industries you know we got some
reloading videos coming up so anyways
guys as always thanks for watching you
guys have a great day and we'll talk to
you soon hey this things that fire